# IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PersistentVolumeSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**access_modes** | **Vec<String>** | AccessModes contains all ways the volume can be mounted. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes | [optional] [default to null]
**aws_elastic_block_store** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AwsElasticBlockStoreVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.AWSElasticBlockStoreVolumeSource.md) | AWSElasticBlockStore represents an AWS Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore | [optional] [default to null]
**azure_disk** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureDiskVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.AzureDiskVolumeSource.md) | AzureDisk represents an Azure Data Disk mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**azure_file** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureFileVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.AzureFileVolumeSource.md) | AzureFile represents an Azure File Service mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**capacity** | [**::std::collections::HashMap<String, ::models::IoK8sApimachineryPkgApiResourceQuantity>**](io.k8s.apimachinery.pkg.api.resource.Quantity.md) | A description of the persistent volume&#39;s resources and capacity. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#capacity | [optional] [default to null]
**cephfs** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CephFsVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.CephFSVolumeSource.md) | CephFS represents a Ceph FS mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime | [optional] [default to null]
**cinder** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CinderVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.CinderVolumeSource.md) | Cinder represents a cinder volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md | [optional] [default to null]
**claim_ref** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ObjectReference**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.ObjectReference.md) | ClaimRef is part of a bi-directional binding between PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim. Expected to be non-nil when bound. claim.VolumeName is the authoritative bind between PV and PVC. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#binding | [optional] [default to null]
**fc** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FcVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.FCVolumeSource.md) | FC represents a Fibre Channel resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**flex_volume** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlexVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.FlexVolumeSource.md) | FlexVolume represents a generic volume resource that is provisioned/attached using an exec based plugin. This is an alpha feature and may change in future. | [optional] [default to null]
**flocker** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlockerVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.FlockerVolumeSource.md) | Flocker represents a Flocker volume attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and exposed to the pod for its usage. This depends on the Flocker control service being running | [optional] [default to null]
**gce_persistent_disk** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GcePersistentDiskVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.GCEPersistentDiskVolumeSource.md) | GCEPersistentDisk represents a GCE Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk | [optional] [default to null]
**glusterfs** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GlusterfsVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.GlusterfsVolumeSource.md) | Glusterfs represents a Glusterfs volume that is attached to a host and exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/glusterfs/README.md | [optional] [default to null]
**host_path** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1HostPathVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.HostPathVolumeSource.md) | HostPath represents a directory on the host. Provisioned by a developer or tester. This is useful for single-node development and testing only! On-host storage is not supported in any way and WILL NOT WORK in a multi-node cluster. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath | [optional] [default to null]
**iscsi** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1IscsiVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.ISCSIVolumeSource.md) | ISCSI represents an ISCSI Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. | [optional] [default to null]
**local** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1LocalVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.LocalVolumeSource.md) | Local represents directly-attached storage with node affinity | [optional] [default to null]
**nfs** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1NfsVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.NFSVolumeSource.md) | NFS represents an NFS mount on the host. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs | [optional] [default to null]
**persistent_volume_reclaim_policy** | **String** | What happens to a persistent volume when released from its claim. Valid options are Retain (default) and Recycle. Recycling must be supported by the volume plugin underlying this persistent volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#reclaiming | [optional] [default to null]
**photon_persistent_disk** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PhotonPersistentDiskVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.PhotonPersistentDiskVolumeSource.md) | PhotonPersistentDisk represents a PhotonController persistent disk attached and mounted on kubelets host machine | [optional] [default to null]
**portworx_volume** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PortworxVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.PortworxVolumeSource.md) | PortworxVolume represents a portworx volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine | [optional] [default to null]
**quobyte** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1QuobyteVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.QuobyteVolumeSource.md) | Quobyte represents a Quobyte mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime | [optional] [default to null]
**rbd** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1RbdVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.RBDVolumeSource.md) | RBD represents a Rados Block Device mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime. More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/rbd/README.md | [optional] [default to null]
**scale_io** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ScaleIoVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.ScaleIOVolumeSource.md) | ScaleIO represents a ScaleIO persistent volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. | [optional] [default to null]
**storage_class_name** | **String** | Name of StorageClass to which this persistent volume belongs. Empty value means that this volume does not belong to any StorageClass. | [optional] [default to null]
**storageos** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1StorageOsPersistentVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.StorageOSPersistentVolumeSource.md) | StorageOS represents a StorageOS volume that is attached to the kubelet&#39;s host machine and mounted into the pod More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/storageos/README.md | [optional] [default to null]
**vsphere_volume** | [***::models::IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1VsphereVirtualDiskVolumeSource**](io.k8s.kubernetes.pkg.api.v1.VsphereVirtualDiskVolumeSource.md) | VsphereVolume represents a vSphere volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


